So I said that if you can't afford a tablet or you don't want to purchase one you can draw your images
with paper and pencil and scan them in or photograph them and bring them in Photoshop and use those
as your base to create your artwork.
I'm going to show you how to do that right now.
So I drew a little sketch and I took a picture of it with my iPhone.
It doesn't have to be super professional or super nice.
You just want to get that image into Photoshop so you can create shapes and colors on top of it.
So what we'll do is we're going to come up to file open then I'm going to go to my pictures and I'm
going to come to my game character and now I'm going to select him and open an next what I'm going to
do is I'm going to rotate him by coming up to that image dropdown menu and coming down to image rotation
and I'm going to rotate him at 90 degrees counterclockwise.
So now he's right side up.
So now that you have your image in Photoshop and you're ready to start creating your character what
you'll do is that you'll add layers above them.
So you want to make sure that when you're painting on your character you're not actually directly painting
onto this background layer so you'll add a new layer by hitting the layer button so that the brush tool
and let's bring the size up.
So it fits his head.
We're just going to put a dot there.
It's about the size of his head.
And so now we have a shape there for a character's head.
And you'll see that it's not affecting our original drawing at all.
So this is how you're going to upload your physical drawn into Photoshop and create a character on top
of that.
I really hope this lecture was helpful for you and insightful and I hope to see you in the next lecture.
Thanks for watching.